 
DGV Services502-225-4900
888-249-9035 Toll Free
 
HomeAboutServicesTestimonialsContact Us
Electronic Billing   •  Healthcare Software   •  Credentials

Electronic Billing
Outsourcing your billing is a tough decision to make. dGv Services offers you solutions that will save you in epxenses and hold your results more accountable:

Elimnating capital expenditures on billing software, hardware, upgrades, and maintenance.
Eliminates provider/patient payment discussions.
Frees you from the burden of the billing and collection process.
Reduces the expense of staffing; salary, sick pay, vacation pay, and insurance benefits.
Reduces downtime due to sick leave and vacations.
Eliminate the worry of of sudden loss of your billing staff.
Allows you to focus on your patients and generating new business.
Revenue results with more accountability - our fee is based on collection results.
Outsourcing establishes a more consistent revenue/cash flow.
Assures HIPAA compliance of the billing process.
Our services include:
Data entry and submission of all primary and secondary insurance claims.
Data entry and submission of all Workers Compensation, Motor Vehicle Accident, and all other non-health related claims.
Electronic reporting of all accepted and rejected claims.
Constant accounts receivable follow-up.
Account posting of all insurance and patient payments.
Notification of Incomplete Claims with request for information needed to submit a clean claim.
Weekly patient statement generation.
Collection program.
Contracting with collection agencies to ensure lowest rate and highest recovery.
Month end reports with customized reports to fit your needs.
Accounts Receivable recovery engagements.
You maintain total control of the billing process, you continue to receive your payments, and you lose all of the headaches and expenses.
Contact us today for additional information. References are available upon request.

Read Less
 
2012 Copyright
dGV Services, LLC,
P.O. Box 7,
Crestwood, KY 40014
502-225-9100 Fax